one two three bring your tuna boats down
123 very nice we're really hoping that
when we put this ad campaign out into
the community that folks will see our
caregiving staff for the real heroes and
true heroes that they are I think a lot
of times folks don't realize the highly
complex and really important work that
they're doing in terms of saving
people's lives every day and that's not
only the doctors that's the nurses
that's a support staff and that's the
folks things own now I've worked
throughout the health system I make it
what it is how do you feel good take a
bottle what we're trying to get is this
very superhero angle over there you know
blowing in the wind and you know
everybody wants to see them because
that's using Ephixa kind of work a real
drama with real heroes it's been fun and
got here
no makeup no hair a mess it made me look
really nice and pretty they can picture
in the middle is fun even if you got his
happiness angry you can't heavily is now
you can no Jenny come on I want you guys
to know that Grey's Anatomy has nothing
of you guys well in terms of the folks
that came out for this we put out an ad
in our record review our employee
newsletter as opposed to come out and be
part of this campaign and then after
that we did a thorough interview process
with them we interviewed them we shared
their used with folks at ksr as well as
the rest of our PR team and we narrowed
it down to 25 or 26 people that that we
chose we think that by putting these
individuals from throughout the system
and the light of heroes in sort of a TV
/ movie type of setting will really good
people to turn their head they're really
we're doing a Jackson an amazing glad
that we have like I'm gonna go look this
is not a job for me we are a family not
by blood but we are committed to a
common call up there are three days and
25 people this is finally a run okay so
i hope you like the show we like them
hello